(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] The evil hand
of Devimon reached out
for Matt's brother, TK.
Amid the fierce
battle that ensued
Tai and the others witnessed
the Celestial Digimon's powers.
After the briefest of encounters
the Celestial Digimon
transformed into a digi-egg.
But then, just when they
thought it would fall
into TKs hands.
(Agumon growling)
So who are you?
And what are you gonna
do with the digi-egg?
(threatening music)
(ground crumbling)
That was a close
one! Am I right?
(wind gusting)
(collective screaming)
(Darkmaildramon whinnying)
What was that? Another
one of Devimon's henchmen?
Yeah. That's what
our reports tell us.
Skullknightmon.
Aside from the name,
we don't know much
else about it.
Gabumon!
[Gabumon] Gabumon
digivolve to...!
Garurumon!
We're gonna follow that
Skullknightmon guy.
We'll catch up after
we regroup with Leomon.
In the meantime, good luck.
(thunder crashing)
(wind blowing)
[Tai] This looks just
like that dark swamp
we saw before, doesn't it?
Yeah, but this swamp
looks even darker
and gloopier than the other one.
Oh Matt, I was wondering
I'm sure you've got
a lot of questions.
Don't worry. We'll talk later.
[Gururumon] A tower.
[Agumon] Look! Skullknightmon!
He's going inside!
Looks like we're too late.
Careful, Agumon. I don't
like the look of this place.
Yeah. The miasma's
way more dense here.
TK!
What is it?
Look what I just
found lying here.
[Matt] One of the celestial
Digimon's feathers.
The celestial Digi
on escaped from here
in order to save us.
[Tai] This must be the location
Ogremon told us
was straight ahead.
This is our destination.
[Tai] The place we've
been looking for.
[Agumon] Okay. But,
how are we going
to get up there?
(bats flapping)
(energy exploding)
(miasma bubbling)
(menacing music)
[Tai] The miasma...its
become a Digimon!
(miasma rushing)
[Gururumon] Howling Blaster!
(energy exploding)
(miasma sizzles)
(Gururumon grunts)
Watch out!
(miasma sizzles)
Agumon!
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to...!
Greymon!
(energy blasts exploding)
(miasma swirling)
(energy blast exploding)
(Splashmon roaring)
Stay right here.
(energy blast exploding)
(metal hissing)
(Weregururumon screaming)
Weregururumon!
(Claw clanging)
[Tai] So the swamp itself
is the power source!
(suspenseful music)
(TK gasps)
(ground rumbling)
(pebbles crumbling)
(podium rumbling)
(birds chirping)
(doorbell rings)
Oh good! Sounds like
my ride is here!
Mimi, why don't you stay at home
and take it easy
for a little while?
[Mimi] I did! I had a warm bath
and a comfy bed to sleep in
and even a big tasty breakfast!
Mhm. That's called normal life.
[Mimi] I know, I know!
But my services are
required elsewhere!
And I've gotta get
moving! Toodles!
(door opening and closing)
(Joe groans)
[Joe's Brother] Mom
was pretty mad, huh?
[Joe] Yeah.
You were gone three days,
skipped cram school,
and lost your study book.
Can't believe you
really did all that.
[Joe] It's only cause
there's something else
I have to do.
[Joe's Brother] Here.
[Joe gasping]
It's a runaway bag.
Huh?
Look, I dunno what's goin' on...
(Joe gasping)
But you gotta do
what you gotta do,
right little brother?
Uh huh!
(Digivice beeping)
Sounds like they're
both on their way here!
Alright. Here Sora,
take a look at this!
Sora! Are you able to see me?
Wow, that's amazing!
How'd you do it?
[Izzy] I updated the Digivice!
You're limited to communicating
only with your partner,
but still, at least
now you can...
Izzy! Mayday! Mayday!
We've got big trouble over here!
(Intense music)
[Palmon] So creepy!
And so many of them!
[Gomamon] No wonder
communications were jammed!
(Calmaramon sings)
[Tentomon] What
is going on here?
[Izzy] That one in the center
is controlling the
surrounding Digimon!
That Digimon's name is...
Cal..ma..ra..mon?
It's Calmaramon!
What system could
they be targeting?
The Strait of
Malacca? Oh no! Look!
(Izzy gasps)
[Crewman] We've lost
steering! I can't control it!
Override the system
and switch to manual!
[Crewman] It's no use!
It's not responding
to any of my commands!
[Captain] What? If we
stay on this course,
we'll crash straight
into the harbor!
There's a system that
big ships like this use
to keep in communication
with the port authorities.
They broke into the
system by using that data!
[Sora] Can we stop it?
[Izzy] The only
way is by defeating
those Digimon as
quickly as we can!
(Boat horn blaring)
(pebbles crumbling)
(TK screaming)
(Intense battle music)
(Weregarurumon grunting)
(Metalgreymon screaming)
Now do it, Metalgreymon!
(rockets blasting)
Wolf Claw!
Giga Blaster!
Come on.
(blasts exploding)
What the...!
Gabumon!
[Tai] Metalgreymon, no!
How do I stop this thing?
[TK] Huh?
What is that?
(cavern rumbling)
[TK] Whoa...
(electricity crackling)
Metalgreymon.
Tai wait.
(miasma sizzling)
(Tai grunting)
Tai...
(Tai screaming)
Come on, Tai.
(crashing metal)
To take back the
Celestial Digimon
and to save our world as well.
That's why we came
all the way here!
And that's why we're
not gonna give up!
Not now or ever!
[Tai] Right, Metalgreymon?
(Metalgreymon's body crackling)
(Tai screaming)
(Powerful rock music)
(Splashmon roaring)
(singing in Japanese)
[Tai] Metalgreymon overcame
the miasma's poison
and turned it into a new power!
(electricity crackling)
Blow it out of the sky!
(Splashmon exploding)
I've gotcha, Agumon!
We did it!
Yeah, we did.
(ground rumbling)
[Tai] Uh..What is that?
Matt, up here!
(TK screaming)
TK!
Are you alright?
[TK] Mhm!
Whoa, look!
(majestic music)
(earth quakes)
(collective gasping)
So that's how we
get into the castle.
Wow, TK, you did
all this yourself?
Mhm!
Nice job, little brother!
Alright!
[Tai] Let's go!
Spiral Twister!
(Calamaramon singing)
There's too many of them!
Forget about them! It's that
Calamaramon we have to stop!
Alright!
(Palmon yelling)
Okay!
(Gomamon gasping)
A digivolution!
(Izzy gasps)
Could that be?
I knew it! The
Digimon from before!
Argamon!
You've seen those things?
Oh yeah!
[Izzy] The more they evolve,
the more dangerous they get.
Unbelievable. Calmaramon's
controlling them?
Don't tell me...
they're trying to crash
that tanker into the city!
(dramatic music)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Metalgreymon! Greymon digivolves
into this Ultimate Digimon and
his super destructive attack
can be launched from
Metalgreymon's iron body!
Now let's check this out!
Metalgreymon's
right arm is bare,
which you'd think
might be a mistake,
but there's a good reason.
It's kept bare so he can
make this awesome move!
Maybe Kabuterimon's
hiding something, too.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] TK and
Matt are in danger!
That's when Weregururumon's
roar echoes through the sky!
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure:
The Unbeatable Blue Sagittarius.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.